Older browser support (#4535)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/website/javascript/supported-browsers.md

- Brave

> warning "Deprecation of Analytics.js Classic"
> Analytics.js Classic was deprecated on February 28, 2023. At this time, Segment is upgrading all sources not yet upgraded to [Analytics.js 2.0](/docs/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/website/javascript/). The upgrade process will complete for all users by the end of March 2023.
> <br><br>Learn how to [upgrade to Analytics.js 2.0](/docs/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/website/javascript/upgrade-to-ajs2).

### Internet Explorer Support

Segment guarantees support for Internet Explorer 11 and later for Analytics.js. Remember that different bundled (device-mode) destinations might have different compatibility guarantees for their own products. Refer to the vendor's documentation to confirm browser compatibility.

> If you need to support older versions of Internet Explorer or Opera, Segment encourages you to either load a polyfill script in the head (https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/babel-polyfill/7.7.0/polyfill.min.js) or use the analytics-next npm package and bundle/polyfill themselves. For example, https://babeljs.io/docs/babel-preset-env. 

Reviewer: @silesky does this make more sense?

> If you need to support older versions of Internet Explorer or Opera, Segment encourages you to either load a polyfill script in the head (https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/babel-polyfill/7.7.0/polyfill.min.js) or use the analytics-next npm package and bundle/polyfill themselves. For example, https://babeljs.io/docs/babel-preset-env. 

Reviewer 2: That cdnjs link should not be clickable -- should be a code example. Developers will understand -- as they may be using a different link to a different version.

> If you need to support older versions of Internet Explorer or Opera, Segment encourages you to either load a polyfill script in the head (https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/babel-polyfill/7.7.0/polyfill.min.js) or use the analytics-next npm package and bundle/polyfill themselves. For example, https://babeljs.io/docs/babel-preset-env. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to support older versions of Internet Explorer or Opera, Segment recommends you to either load a polyfill script in the head such as `https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/babel-polyfill/7.7.0/polyfill.min.js`, or use the analytics-next npm package and polyfill bundle as shown in [Babel](https://babeljs.io/docs/babel-preset-env){:target="_blank"}.
```

> If you need to support older versions of Internet Explorer or Opera, Segment encourages you to either load a polyfill script in the head (https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/babel-polyfill/7.7.0/polyfill.min.js) or use the analytics-next npm package and bundle/polyfill themselves. For example, https://babeljs.io/docs/babel-preset-env. 

Reviewer: @silesky like this?
